Specifications:

Pet Clinic management system:

Java Desktop Application used for managing a pet clinic
-One window for CRUD operations on Veterinarian (firstname, lastname, address, speciality): allows the viewing of all the vets;
 -adding a new vet;
 -deleting an existing vet and updating an existing vet

-One window for CRUD operations on Pet (race, birthdate, isVaccinated, ownerName): allows the viewing of all the pets;
 -adding a new pet;
 -deleting an existing pet and updating an existing pet

-One window for Consult (veterinarian, pet, date, description): allows the viewing of all the consults;
 -adding a new consult for an existing vet and an existing pet;
 -updating the description of a consult

 PCMS-1
 As a user of the system I should be able to add a new veterinarian. I should be able to specify: firstname, lastname, address, speciality.

 PCMS-2
 As a user, I should be able to view all the vets. I should be able to see for each vet: id, firstname, lastname, adress, speciality.

 PCMS-3
 As a user, I should be able to delete an existing vet by id.

 PCMS-4
 As a user, I should be able to update an existing vet by id. I should be able to update: firstname, lastname, adress, speciality.

 PCMS-5
 As a user, I should be able to add a new pet. I should be able to specify: race, birthdate, isVaccinated, ownerName.

 PCMS-6
 As a user, I should be able to view all the pets. I should be able to see for each pet: id, race, birthdate, isVaccinated, ownerName.

 PCMS-7
 As a user, I should be able to delete an existing pet by id.

 PCMS-8
 As a user, I should be able to update an existing pet by id. I should be able to update: race, birthdate, isVaccinated, ownerName.

 PCMS-9
 As a user, I should be able to add a new consult. I should be able to specify: veterinarian_id, pet_id, date, description.

 PCMS-10
 As a user, I should be able to view all the consults. I should be able to see for each consult: id, veterinarian_id, pet_id, date, description.

 PCMS-11
 As a user, I should be able to update the description of a consult.

 PCMS-12
 Define hibernate database mode.

 PCMS-13
 Create base repository classes.